---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to JS Fellows!"
author: viniciusls
categories: [ offtopic ]
image: assets/images/1.png
featured: true
hidden: false
---

Welcome to JS Fellows!

We are very happy to launch this open space to share with you our searches, knowledge and experiences and how we use and work with JS and NodeJS on our day-by-day. This is our first post and we will use it to talk a few words about us, our goals and objectives and how we plan to work on that.

#### About us

The idea of creating this blog came up on an informal talk between Vinícius Silva and Danilo Morães during a coffee at work. We're actively working with NodeJS on our day-by-day environment and as part of our work we're always trying to increase the code quality of all our group by doing refactories on old or not optimized code. And this is a recurring work as we're always studying new always of appliyng patterns and ideas that we usually saw on other frameworks and languages or uncovering new ways of using this huge environment called JavaScript.

#### Our objectives and goals

This simple: we want to use this space to share, in a free way, all of our ideas, discoveries and searches that gives us nice results on our daily work in a nice way to teach others and preserve this knowledge for our future searches. We agreed that this is a good way to keep and expand things, increasing our capacity of discover new ideas on-the-fly.

#### Who are we

At the moment of this post, we're two friends and co-workers of a multinational company working actively with JavaScript on our daily work. But we'll always look for expand our team in order to expand our capacibility of bring new stuff.

#### Contact us

By now, you can contact each author by the link available on its profile description on each post. We'll launch new official ways as soon as we're stable here.

#### Contribute

Soon.